update readme for api updating and server setup (#1)
PDFTron/webviewer-BIM-sample: SERVER_README.md

WebViewer BIM Server is a REST server for performing 3D document work.

> This server comes packaged as either a binary or a Docker image available for Linux, MacOS Intel (not in M1) or Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This server comes packaged as either a binary or a Docker image available for Windows, Linux and MacOS Intel (M1 not supported).
```

## Running Server

### Running with Docker and configuration file

> `docker run -p 8085:8085 -v {absolute_path_to_config.json}:/home/docjob/config 448036597521.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/docjob-3d:latest`

Reviewer: Can we confirm if we need the `448036597521.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/`? You _should_ be able to use just `docjob-3d:latest`.

Author: Yes, I confirmed with Ramzi that using `448036597521.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/docjob-3d:latest` instead of just using `docjob-3d:latest`

This will mount the config file to the container into the path `/home/docjob/config` where it will be
loaded from.

### Running with Docker and environment variables

> `docker run -p 8085:8085 -e trn_license="my_license_key" 448036597521.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/docjob-3d:latest`

Reviewer: Same as above. Can you confirm if we need the `448036597521.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/` prefix?

Author: I confirmed with Ramzi for the prefix!!
